README.md, before:

<a href="https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost"><img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/120485/6622822/c4c639fe-c8e7-11e4-9e64-5bec06c8b4c3.png" alt="Ghost" /></a>
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/TryGhost/Ghost"><img align="right" src="https://travis-ci.org/TryGhost/Ghost.svg?branch=master" alt="Build status" /></a>

![Ghost Screenshot](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/120485/6626466/6dae46b2-c8ff-11e4-8c7c-8dd63b215f7b.jpg)

![Ghost is a simple, powerful publishing platform that allows you to share your stories with the world.](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/120485/6626501/b2bb072c-c8ff-11e4-8e1a-2e78e68fd5c3.png)

The project is maintained by a non-profit organisation called the **Ghost Foundation**, along with an amazing group of independent [contributors](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/contributors). We're trying to make publishing software that changes the shape of online journalism.

- [Ghost.org](https://ghost.org)
- [Latest Release](https://ghost.org/download/)
- [Support](http://support.ghost.org/)
- [Theme Docs](http://themes.ghost.org)
- [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Feature Requests](http://ideas.ghost.org/)
- [Dev Blog](http://dev.ghost.org)

**NOTE: If you’re stuck, can’t get something working or need some help, please head on over and join our [Slack community](https://ghost.org/slack/) rather than opening an issue.**


# Quick Start Install

Make sure you've installed Node.js - We recommend the latest **Node v0.10.x** release. For other versions [click here](http://support.ghost.org/supported-node-versions/). May contain nuts.

1. Download the [latest release](https://ghost.org/download/) of Ghost
1. Unzip in the location you want to install
1. Fire up a terminal
1. `npm install --production`
1. Start Ghost!
    - Local environment: `npm start`
    - On a server: `npm start --production`
1. `http://localhost:2368/ghost` :tada:

More [install docs](http://support.ghost.org/installation/) here in case you got stuck.

<a name="getting-started"></a>
# Developer Install (from git)

Install Node.js. (See [Supported Node.js versions](http://support.ghost.org/supported-node-versions/))

```bash
# Node v0.10.x - recommended
# Node v0.12.x and v4.2+ LTS - supported
#
# Choose wisely
```

Clone :ghost:

```bash
git clone git://github.com/tryghost/ghost.git
cd ghost
```

Install grunt. No prizes here.

```bash
npm install -g grunt-cli
```

Install Ghost. If you're running locally, use [master](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/tree/master). For production, use [stable](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/tree/stable). :no_entry_sign::rocket::microscope:

```bash
npm install
```

Build the things!

```bash
grunt init
```

Minify that shit for production?

```bash
grunt prod
```

Start your engines.

```bash
npm start

## running production? Add --production
```

Congrats! You made it. BTW you can also just `npm install ghost` if you're into that sort of thing. NPM aficionados can also read up on using [Ghost as an NPM module](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/wiki/Using-Ghost-as-an-npm-module).

More general [install docs](http://support.ghost.org/installation/) here in case you got stuck.


# Deploying Ghost

![Ghost(Pro) + DigitalOcean](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/120485/8180331/d6674e32-1414-11e5-8ce4-2250e9994906.png)

Save yourself time and headaches with our fully managed **[Ghost(Pro)](https://ghost.org/pricing/)** service. Deploy a new instance of Ghost in a couple of clicks running on [DigitalOcean](https://digitalocean.com)’s rock solid infrastructure, with a worldwide CDN thrown in at no extra charge.

All revenue from **Ghost(Pro)** goes to the Ghost Foundation, the non-profit org which funds the maintenance and further development of Ghost.

[Other options](http://support.ghost.org/deploying-ghost/) are also available if you prefer playing around with servers by yourself.


# Staying Up to Date

When a new version of Ghost comes out, you'll want to look over these [upgrade instructions](http://support.ghost.org/how-to-upgrade/) for what to do next.

You can talk to other Ghost users and developers in our [public Slack team](https://ghost.org/slack/) (it's pretty awesome). We have a public meeting every Tuesday at 5:30pm UK time.

New releases are announced on the [dev blog](http://dev.ghost.org/tag/releases/). You can subscribe by email or follow [@TryGhost_Dev](https://twitter.com/tryghost_dev) on Twitter, if you prefer your updates bite-sized and facetious.

:saxophone::turtle:


# Copyright & License

Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Ghost Foundation - Released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

removed old nav from hbs, added grunt build task, update readme, added bootstrap overwrite

README.md, after:

# Quick Start Install

Make sure you've installed Node.js - We recommend the latest **Node v0.10.x** release. For other versions [click here](http://support.ghost.org/supported-node-versions/). May contain nuts.

1. Download the [latest release](https://ghost.org/download/) of Ghost
1. Unzip in the location you want to install
1. Fire up a terminal
1. `npm install --production`
1. Go to `content/themes/reconfirm` and do a `grunt build`
1. Start Ghost! (from ghost root folder)
    - Local environment: `npm start` 
    - On a server: `npm start --production`
1. `http://localhost:2368/ghost` :tada:


# Developer Install (from git)

Install Node.js. (See [Supported Node.js versions](http://support.ghost.org/supported-node-versions/))

```bash
# Node v0.10.x - recommended
# Node v0.12.x and v4.2+ LTS - supported
#
# Choose wisely
```

Clone :ghost:

```bash
git clone git://github.com/tryghost/ghost.git
cd ghost
```

Install grunt. No prizes here.

```bash
npm install -g grunt-cli
```

Install Ghost. If you're running locally, use [master](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/tree/master). For production, use [stable](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/tree/stable). :no_entry_sign::rocket::microscope:

```bash
npm install
```

Build the things!

```bash
grunt init
```

We have a custom theme!
Go to content/themes/reconfirm and do a 

```bash
grunt build
```

Minify that shit for production?

```bash
grunt prod
```

Start your engines.

```bash
npm start

## running production? Add --production
```

Congrats! You made it. BTW you can also just `npm install ghost` if you're into that sort of thing. NPM aficionados can also read up on using [Ghost as an NPM module](https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost/wiki/Using-Ghost-as-an-npm-module).

More general [install docs](http://support.ghost.org/installation/) here in case you got stuck.


# Deploying Ghost

![Ghost(Pro) + DigitalOcean](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/120485/8180331/d6674e32-1414-11e5-8ce4-2250e9994906.png)

Save yourself time and headaches with our fully managed **[Ghost(Pro)](https://ghost.org/pricing/)** service. Deploy a new instance of Ghost in a couple of clicks running on [DigitalOcean](https://digitalocean.com)’s rock solid infrastructure, with a worldwide CDN thrown in at no extra charge.

All revenue from **Ghost(Pro)** goes to the Ghost Foundation, the non-profit org which funds the maintenance and further development of Ghost.

[Other options](http://support.ghost.org/deploying-ghost/) are also available if you prefer playing around with servers by yourself.


# Staying Up to Date

When a new version of Ghost comes out, you'll want to look over these [upgrade instructions](http://support.ghost.org/how-to-upgrade/) for what to do next.

You can talk to other Ghost users and developers in our [public Slack team](https://ghost.org/slack/) (it's pretty awesome). We have a public meeting every Tuesday at 5:30pm UK time.

New releases are announced on the [dev blog](http://dev.ghost.org/tag/releases/). You can subscribe by email or follow [@TryGhost_Dev](https://twitter.com/tryghost_dev) on Twitter, if you prefer your updates bite-sized and facetious.

:saxophone::turtle:


# Copyright & License

Copyright (c) 2013-2016 Ghost Foundation - Released under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
